- ♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY ♪
♪ ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
- BED TWERP!
- ♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO'LL GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODD PARENTS,
FAIRLY ODD PARENTS ♪
- WANDS AND WINGS.
- FLOATY CROWNY THINGS.
- ♪ ODD PARENTS,
FAIRLY ODD PARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY ROD, PEA POD
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
- OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE!
GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES AND CHOCOLATE SHAKE!
- ♪ ODD PARENTS,
FAIRLY ODD PARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE A KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODD PARENTS ♪
- YEAH, RIGHT!
- HONEY, THE TOILET'S BROKEN!
- I'LL FIX IT!
[clattering]
- AAH!
THANK YOU!
- MY DESK IS KINDA WOBBLY.
- I'LL FIX IT!
[clattering]
- AAH!
THANK YOU!
AW, MAN!
THE TV'S BROKEN.
- OH, WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T TELL YOUR FATHER.
- I'LL FIX IT!
- AAH!
- I MADE THE TV
SQUIRT WATER!
IT'S NOT SUPPOSED TO DO THAT.
IS IT?
- NO...
BUT ON THE BRIGHT SIDE,
THE TOILET NOW GETS
200 CHANNELS!
- I'M A COMPLETE FAILURE.
YESTERDAY, I TRIED TO FIX
A PENCIL SHARPENER AT WORK,
AND THEY HAD TO
CALL IN THE COAST GUARD!
- COME ON, DAD.
YOU'RE EXAGGERATING.
- TELL THAT TO MITCH
FROM ACCOUNTING.
HE CLUNG TO A FLOATING COPIER
FOR FOUR HOURS
UNTIL THEY FISHED HIM OUT!
OH...MITCH!
- OH, HONEY, DON'T BE
SO HARD ON YOURSELF.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE MAKE SOME
POPCORN AND WATCH THE TOILET?
- IT'S NO USE.
I'M AN INCOMPETENT BOOB!
I'M JUST GONNA GO STAND
IN A GARBAGE CAN IN THE ALLEY
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE!
AAH!
OH, COME ON!
ALL I DID WAS OPEN THE DOOR!
- COME ON, DAD.
YOU CAN'T JUST STAND
IN A TRASH CAN
FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
- NO, I KNOW, SON.
THAT'S WHY I'M INSTALLING
THIS COMFY TRASH CAN BENCH.
EEE. I CAN'T IMAGINE
THEY SELL MANY OF THESE.
- DAD, MOM AND I NEED YOU.
YOU'RE THE GLUE THAT HOLDS
OUR FAMILY TOGETHER.
- WELL, IT BETTER BE
WATERPROOF GLUE.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I HAVE A BENCH TO INSTALL.
LET'S SEE--"INSERT FLANGE "A"
INTO BENCH BRACKET "B."
- AAH!
- OH, I DON'T DESERVE
A BENCH!
IRONICALLY,
IF I WANT TO THROW IT OUT,
I HAVE TO LEAVE IT
WHERE IT IS.
MY HEAD HURTS!
- MAN, I REALLY FEEL BAD
FOR MY DAD.
- YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD
FOR MITCH FROM ACCOUNTING.
[humming]
HE SHRIVELED UP LIKE A PRUNE
IN THE GREAT
PENCIL SHARPENER FLOOD.
- I MEAN, I LOVE THE GUY,
BUT HE IS KIND OF A DISASTER.
IT'S A GOOD THING
THERE'S ONLY ONE OF HIM!
- TIMMY, TIMMY, TIMMY.
WAIT! I LOST MY TRAIN OF
THOUGHT.
- I THINK YOU WERE ABOUT
TO REMIND TIMMY
THERE ISN'T ONLY ONE
OF HIS DAD.
HE WISHED UP A WHOLE PLANET
OF THEM--REMEMBER?
- NO, THAT WASN'T IT.
IT WAS SOMETHING ABOUT
THE RADIOACTIVE URANIUM
I LEFT IN HIS CLOSET.
- [growling]
[roaring]
- BY THE WAY,
I THINK YOU HAVE TERMITES.
- WAIT! WANDA'S RIGHT.
I DID WISH FOR A PLANET OF DADS.
I WONDER HOW
THEY'RE ALL DOING NOW.
[cheerful music]
♪ ♪
- EEE...
- MORNING, DAD!
- MORNING TO YOU, TOO, DAD.
DID YOU WATCH  DANCING
WITH THE DADS LAST NIGHT?
- YEAH. WHO KNEW DAD
WOULD MAKE THE FINALS?
- AND NOW FOR SPORTS.
THE DADS BEAT THE DADS TODAY
IN A ROUSING GAME OF DADBALL
AT DAD STADIUM.
LOOKS LIKE TRADING DAD FOR DAD
REALLY PAID OFF!
OOH! THIS JUST IN.
PRESIDENT DAD IS ABOUT
TO ADDRESS THE PLANET.
WE NOW GO LIVE
TO THE DAD HOUSE.
[presidential-like music]
- MY FELLOW DADS,
EVER SINCE WE ABOLISHED
THE MONKEY WRENCH,
WE'VE EVOLVED INTO A NEARLY
PERFECT CIVILIZATION.
BUT AS YOU KNOW,
WE'RE STILL MISSING SOMETHING
CRUCIAL IN OUR LIVES.
AS I GAZE OUT THE WINDOW
AT OUR GREAT MOM-UMENTS
OR STARE AT MY PRICELESS
MOM-A-LISA,
OR EAT A DELICIOUS
MOM-LETTE...
I STILL HAVE NO IDEA WHAT
THAT CRUCIAL MISSING PIECE IS!
- MR. PRESIDENT!
I'VE LOCATED THE THING
THAT'S MISSING IN OUR LIVES.
- IS IT MOM-HATTEN
CLAM CHOWDER?
'CAUSE I'M SICK
OF EATING MOM-LETTES.
- NO, SIR.
IT'S A CREATURE NAMED MOM
ON A PLANET CALLED EARTH.
- OOH! NOTIFY THE SPACE FLEET.
WE ARE GOING TO EARTH
TO GET THIS MOM THING.
AND TO GET ME SOME MILK
TO WASH DOWN THESE MOM-AROONS.
[loud chewing]
GGAAAHHH!
- MONKEY...WRENCH.
[snoring]
WATER RISING.
HANG ON, MITCH!
- WHOA! WHAT'S GOING ON?
- WELL,
WANDA BURNED THE BACON,
AND I HAD A NIGHTMARE
THAT I WAS SMART
AND PEOPLE HELD ME ACCOUNTABLE
FOR MY ACTIONS!
OH, AND YEAH.
THERE'S A FLEET
OF ALIEN SPACESHIPS
HOVERING OVER THE HOUSE.
SO WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU?
- ALIEN SPACESHIPS!
AAH!
- GREETINGS, EARTHLINGS.
OH, HI, TIMMY!
all: HI, TIMMY!
- WHOA! THOSE ARE THE DADS
I WISHED UP,
AND THEY'VE EVOLVED
INTO AN ADVANCED CIVILIZATION.
- NOT THAT ADVANCED.
THEIR LEADER'S EATING A TACO
UPSIDE DOWN.
- ANOTHER EMPTY TACO?
HA! WHAT ARE THE ODDS?
- UH, HI, DADS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- WE'VE COME FOR THE CREATURE
YOU CALL MOM.
- NO. YOU HAVE
A PERFECT CIVILIZATION.
WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO ADD
A WOMAN TO IT?
I'M NOT SMART, WANDA.
YOU CAN'T HOLD ME ACCOUNTABLE.
- WAIT. WHAT DID YOU SAY?
- EH...MY TACO'S EMPTY?
- AFTER THAT.
- WHAT ARE THE ODDS?
WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT MOM?
- OH! EH...WE'VE COME FOR HER.
- WHAT?
I CAN'T HAVE MY MOM!
- [chuckling]
TIMMY, TIMMY, TIMMY.
WAIT.
I LOST MY TRAIN OF THOUGHT.
OH, RIGHT.
WE'RE TAKING YOUR MOM
WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT!
OUR MANLY PLANET
NEEDS HER.
- WELL, SO DO I!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO
WITHOUT MY MOM.
- TIMMY, DO YOUR HOMEWORK!
[electronic game sounds]
TIMMY, DO YOUR CHORES!
TIMMY, DO YOUR TAXES!
- I'M TEN!
COME TO THINK OF IT,
I WOULDN'T HAVE TO DO
ANYTHING WITHOUT MY MOM.
YOU CAN TAKE HER.
NO, WAIT!
YOU CAN'T HAVE HER.
I LOVE HER,
AND I'D MISS HER.
- YOU'RE YOUNG.
YOU'LL GET OVER IT.
COMMENCING MOM EXTRACTION...
- GUYS, WE CAN'T LET THE DADS
TAKE MY MOM.
- AH! HOW ABOUT WE GIVE THEM
SOMEONE ELSE'S MOM?
I KNOW,
WE'LL GIVE THEM WANDA.
THEN THEY'LL BE SORRY.
AND I WON'T HAVE TO
DO MY TAXES!
- COSMO, THAT'S A GREAT IDEA.
- TIMMY!
- I'M NOT GONNA
GIVE THEM  YOU, WANDA.
I HAVE ANOTHER MOM IN MIND.
MR. CROCKER,
HOW'D YOU LIKE TO SEND
YOUR MOTHER
ON A LITTLE VACATION?
- I'M HERE, TURNER!
POINT ME TO THE INCINERATOR!
- DENZEL,
DO I GET MY SURPRISE NOW?
- SOON, MOTHER.
SOON.
- NOT SO FAST.
IF I DO THIS FOR YOU,
I WANT AN "A".
- I'LL GIVE YOU A "C".
- DEAL!
NOW JUST GO UP FRONT
AND LAY YOUR MOM GENTLY
ON THE LAWN.
- OOH!
ARE WE AT THE HOTEL?
- MY MOM'S IN THE SACK.
COME AND GET HER!
- AAH!
YOU GET AN "F", TURNER!
- TIMMY, THAT WASN'T
YOUR MOM.
WE'RE NOT EVEN SURE
IT WAS A WOMAN.
WE'RE TAKING YOUR MOM,
AND YOU CAN'T STOP US.
- GUYS, WE GOTTA
PROTECT MY MOM!
NO TELLING WHAT DIABOLICAL TRAP
THEY'LL SET TO TAKE HER AWAY.
- OH, MY!
A TRAIL OF FLUFFY KITTENS
LEADING TO AN OMINOUS SHADOW.
THAT'S NOT SUSPICIOUS AT ALL.
I'LL CALL YOU SNOWBALL
AND I'LL CALL YOU SNOWBALL,
AND SINCE YOU'RE WHITE
AND FLUFFY,
I'LL CALL YOU BOB.
- WHERE'S COSMO?
- HI, TIMMY!
- AAH! I WISH MY MOM AND COSMO
WERE SAFE INSIDE THE HOUSE!
WHEW!
- SHE JUST DISAPPEARED.
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
- AS YOU RECALL,
YOUR PRESIDENTNESS,
TIMMY HAS FAIRIES.
HE USED THEIR MAGIC
TO CREATE US,
AND NOW HE'S USING THEIR MAGIC
TO KEEP MOM TO HIMSELF.
- WE'RE HANDSOME!
- FOCUS, MR. PRESIDENT.
I HAVE A PLAN
TO DRAIN THE FAIRIES' MAGIC.
- OOH! HOW ARE WE
GONNA DO THAT?
- WE'RE NOT GOING TO DO THAT.
TIMMY IS!
[beep]
WHOOPS! OH, MY AIM
WAS REALLY OFF THERE.
LUCKILY,
I BUILT TWO ROBOTS.
- THANKS FOR SAVING
MY MOM, GUYS.
I BETTER GO KEEP AN EYE ON HER
UNTIL THAT SPACESHIP LEAVES.
HI, GUYS.
- DID YOU FORGET SOMETHING,
SPORT?
- YEAH.
I FORGOT TO MAKE
10,000 WISHES.
- MOM,
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
- WELL...
APPARENTLY,
I'M ALLERGIC TO KITTENS.
AH-CHOO!
- AND I WISH FOR A PONY
AND A RACECAR AND A JUKEBOX
AND A PING-PONG TABLE AND A
ROLLERCOASTER AND A SKATEBOARD--
- MOM, YOU CAN'T LEAVE
THE HOUSE--
THE DADS'LL GET YOU.
I MEAN,
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- TO THE STORE FOR CAT FOOD
AND ANTIHISTAMINES.
[tires squealing]
- MOM, NO!
- BYE, TIMMY.
I'M OFF TO THE STORE.
[dramatic music]
- AAH! COSMO, WANDA!
- AND A GUMBALL MACHINE
AND A MAGNIFYING GLASS AND A--
- TIMMY, YOUR ROOM IS TOTALLY
FULL OF WISHES.
THERE'S BARELY ROOM FOR US,
LET ALONE WANDA'S GIANT EGO.
- I DON'T HAVE A GIANT EGO!
- REALLY? THEN HOW DO YOU
EXPLAIN THIS COFFEE MUG
THAT SAYS, "WANDA IS AWESOME"?
WE DON'T HAVE ROOM FOR THIS!
[crash]
- YOU WANNA SAVE ROOM IN HERE?
THEN YOU BE
THE MAGNIFYING GLASS.
- SPORT...
I'M REALLY HOT.
- THERE IT IS,
THAT GIANT EGO AGAIN.
- YOU WANNA COOL OFF?
I WISH YOU WERE A BLOCK OF ICE.
- TIMMY,
YOU'RE SQUISHING POOF.
- WELL, MAYBE IT WOULD HELP
IF YOU WERE SMALLER.
I WISH POOF WAS A BUG.
- OKAY, SPORT,
ENOUGH'S ENOUGH.
WISH US BACK TO NORMAL.
- MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
YOUR MAGIC HAS BEEN DRAINED.
INITIATING SELF-DESTRUCT.
[rapid beeping]
- OH, NO, TIMMY EXPLODED!
WE ARE SO FIRED!
- GUYS, YOU GOTTA HELP ME!
AAH!
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
- NOT NOW, TIMMY.
WE'RE TOO SAD
ABOUT TIMMY BLOWING UP.
- WAIT A MINUTE!
THAT WASN'T THE REAL TIMMY.
WE'VE BEEN TRICKED.
- OKAY. I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT,
BUT THE DADS GOT MY MOM!
YOU'VE GOTTA POOF HER
OFF THE SHIP!
[Call to Post]
[pfft]
- OH, NO!
WE'RE OUT OF MAGIC!
- AAH! WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
- THINGS DO NOT LOOK GOOD.
BUT THAT COULD BE BECAUSE
I'M STANDING UNDER A PONY.
EASY, BUTTERSCOTCH!
- [snoring]
EH...LOOK OUT, MITCH.
SHARKS...CIRCLING THE COPIER!
- I'VE GOTTA SAVE MY MOM!
HOW LONG BEFORE YOU GUYS
GET YOUR MAGIC BACK?
- OUR WANDS
HAVE TO RECHARGE.
IT'LL TAKE HOURS
WHILE THE MAGIC DOWNLOADS
FROM FAIRY WORLD.
- OH, GREAT.
HOW AM I GONNA GET
TO THE PLANET OF THE DADS?
- IF ONLY YOU'D WISHED UP
A SPACESHIP BEFORE YOU EXPLODED.
OOH, LOOK!
A GIANT QUARTER.
WE'RE RICH!
WE CAN BUY A SPACESHIP NOW.
- A SPACESHIP.
THAT'S IT.
WE CAN BORROW MARK CHANG'S.
- COSMO!
YOU'RE MAKING ME MELT.
- THIS IS NO TIME
FOR ROMANCE, WANDA.
TIMMY'S GOT A PROBLEM.
- EVERYONE HOP ON THE PONY.
WE'RE GOING TO THE DUMP!
- DON'T SAY DUMP
IN FRONT OF BUTTERSCOTCH!
- ♪ OH, VICKY ♪
♪ YOU ARE SO ICKY ♪
♪ YOU ARE SO SICKY ♪
♪ AND TICKY ♪
♪ OH, VICKY ♪
- MARK, I NEED YOUR HELP.
- YO, TIMMY!
LIKE DITTO!
CAN YOU SCRUB MY BACK
WITH THE BOTTOM OF YOUR SHOE?
- NOT NOW, MARK!
A BUNCH OF ALIEN DADS
STOLE MY MOM
AND TURNED MY FLOATY FRIENDS
INTO A MAGNIFYING GLASS,
A BLOCK OF ICE, AND A BUG!
- OH. BUSY MORNING.
ALL I DID WAS TAKE OUT
THE CEREAL
AND EAT A BOWL OF TRASH.
[belch]
- DON'T YOU MEAN
YOU TOOK OUT THE TRASH
AND ATE A BOWL OF CEREAL?
- EEW! THAT'S GROSS!
TIMMY, YOUR BLOCK OF ICE
IS A SICKO.
- YOU GOTTA FIRE UP
YOUR SHIP, MARK.
THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT TERRIBLE THINGS
THOSE DADS ARE DOING
TO MY MOM.
- OH, UP AND AWAY, DUDE!
- YOU KNOW,
YOU PEOPLE REMIND ME
OF A MUCH LESS WET VERSION
OF MY HUSBAND.
- ALLOW ME TO EXPLAIN.
WE'RE TAKING YOU
TO OUR PLANET
TO WORSHIP YOU
AS OUR QUEEN!
- OOH! THAT SOUNDS NICE.
I JUST HAVE TO GET BACK
BY THURSDAY.
I'VE GOTTA GET MY HUSBAND
OUT OF THE TRASH CAN
BEFORE THE GARBAGE MEN COME.
- OKAY. WE NEED A WAY
TO DISTRACT THE DADS
SO WE CAN RESCUE MY MOM.
- USE THIS, DUDE.
IT WAS A VALENTINE PRE-SENT
FROM MY BELOVED VICKY.
- CHOCOLATE-COVERED
CHERRY BOMBS.
AWESOME!
WE'LL SET UP AN EXPLOSION
AND SNEAK OFF WITH MY MOM.
HEY, WHERE'S WANDA?
- I PUT HER IN THE FREEZER
TO KEEP HER FROM MELTING
ANY WORSE.
LOOKING GOOD, HONEY.
HOLY COW, SHE'S HIDEOUS!
- I HEARD THAT!
- NOT YOU, SWEETIE.
I WAS TALKING ABOUT...TIMMY.
WOW! THE PLANET OF THE DADS
HAS THREE GIANT SUNS.
YAY, CHOCOLATE!
- all: MOM! MOM! MOM!
MOM! MOM!
- THIS IS THE SECOND NICEST
ALIEN PARADE IN MY HONOR
I'VE EVER BEEN TO.
- all: MOM! MOM! MOM!
- WELCOME TO YOUR PALACE,
QUEEN MOM.
- IT'S VERY NICE.
BUT IT COULD USE
A WOMAN'S TOUCH.
[all gasp]
- YAY!
IT'S PERFECT.
THE VOID IN OUR LIVES
HAS BEEN FILLED.
MOM, WE'RE ALL GOING TO BE
SO HAPPY TOGETHER.
WE'LL GO
TO FANCY RESTAURANTS,
TAKE LONG WALKS
ON THE BEACH,
AND YOU WILL MAKE
OUR FRIDAY NIGHT DANCES
WAY LESS ICKY.
- WELL, THAT SOUNDS FUN.
BUT I-I NEED
TO GO HOME NOW.
- HOME?
I'M SORRY,
BUT YOU CAN'T LEAVE.
THIS IS YOUR NEW HOME.
FOREVER.
- SAY WHAT NOW?
- YOU SEE,
IN EXACTLY ONE HOUR,
THIS GIANT WORMHOLE
IS GOING TO OPEN.
THEN WE'RE GOING TO FIRE
A THRUSTER
THAT WILL SHOOT OUR PLANET
INSIDE.
WE'LL DISAPPEAR
INTO A DISTANT GALAXY
WHERE NO ONE CAN EVER
TAKE YOU AWAY FROM US.
- YOU CAN'T DO THAT!
MY FAMILY NEEDS ME.
AND I NEED THEM.
ALSO, I DIDN'T PACK
FOR A TRIP
THROUGH A WORMHOLE.
[shrieking]
HELP!
- OH, NO!
WE'VE GOTTA DO SOMETHING.
GUYS,
ARE YOUR WANDS RECHARGED?
- UH, MINE'S ONLY
AT 50%, SPORT.
- HOLD ON.
LET ME CHECK MINE.
- [shrieks]
POOF POOF!
[moans]
- OOPS.
SORRY, POOF.
- WAIT.
WE DON'T NEED MAGIC.
MARK HAS A FAKE-A-FIER.
QUICK, MARK.
TURN INTO SOMETHING
THAT'LL STOP THE DADS.
- NO PROBLEMO, BRAH!
- THAT'S YOUR SECRET WEAPON?
BUTTER?
- SHA!
ALL THE DADS HAVE TO DO
IS EAT ME,
AND THEIR CHOLESTEROL
WILL GO THROUGH THE ROOF.
IN A MATTER OF MONTHS,
THEY'LL BE OUT OF SHAPE
AND EASY TO OVERPOWER.
- THAT WON'T WORK!
WE NEED TO STOP THEM NOW.
THAT'S MORE LIKE IT.
- all: EEH!
LOOK, IT'S TIMMY.
HI, TIMMY!
- ALL RIGHT, DADS.
HAND OVER MY MOM!
- SORRY,
BUT YOU CAN'T HAVE YOUR MOM.
WE WENT THROUGH
A LOT OF TROUBLE
AND KITTENS
TO GET HER.
[dramatic music]
- AAH!
THERE ARE TOO MANY OF THEM.
WE DON'T STAND A CHANCE.
- I KNOW.
I CAN TURN MYSELF
INTO SOME LEAD PAINT.
IF THEY LICK ME,
IN, LIKE, 20 YEARS...
- all: GET TIMMY.
GET TIMMY.
- RETREAT!
- UP, UP, AND AWAY AGAIN,
DUDE!
- all: BYE, TIMMY.
- GOTTA THINK!
IN LESS THAN AN HOUR,
MY MOM WILL BE
SHOT INTO A WORMHOLE
AND GONE FOREVER.
HOW SOON TILL YOUR WANDS
HAVE POWER?
- WE'RE ONLY AT 70%, SPORT.
WE WON'T HAVE OUR MAGIC BACK
IN TIME.
- THE HIDEOUS
MELTING ICE BLOB
THAT USED TO BE WANDA
IS RIGHT.
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN,
TIMMY.
- HOW'D THEY GET SO ADVANCED?
I MEAN,
THEY'RE BASED ON MY DAD,
AND HE'S
A WALKING DISASTER.
- IT'S TRUE.
HE DESTROYS EVERYTHING
HE TOUCHES.
THE TOILET, THE TV,
YOUR CHILDHOOD.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
MY DAD!
HE MIGHT BE
EXACTLY WHAT WE NEED.
- REALLY?
'CAUSE I DO HAVE
SOME DYNAMITE.
- OH, LOOK.
WE'RE PASSING THE SUNS AGAIN.
I SHOULD REALLY STAY AWAY
FROM THE WINDOW.
- AAH!
DAD, WHAT HAPPENED?
- I TRIED TO MAKE DINNER
FOR YOUR MOM
TO APOLOGIZE
FOR FLOODING THE HOUSE,
AND I FLOODED THE HOUSE!
[sobbing]
- GET IT TOGETHER, DAD!
MOM'S BEEN KIDNAPPED
BY ALIENS,
AND I NEED YOUR HELP
TO SAVE HER.
- YOU'RE JUST TRYING
TO MAKE ME FEEL BETTER.
FACE IT, SON,
I DESTROY
EVERYTHING I TOUCH.
- THAT'S WHAT I'M COUNTING ON.
- [yells]
I'M SPINNING!
- WHOA.
THIS IS GONNA BE HARDER
THAN I THOUGHT.
MARK,
WE NEED A DISGUISE.
- YOU GOT IT, BRO!
NO.
WHOOPS.
THAT'S THE "TURN THE SHIP
INTO A CHINESE RESTAURANT"
BUTTON.
- I SMELL EGG ROLLS.
SPINNING AGAIN!
WHAT A HANDSOME PLANET.
NOW THE QUESTION IS,
WHERE ARE THEY KEEPING
YOUR MOTHER?
- UH, IN THE MOM-SHAPED
BUILDING.
- BOY, THOSE ALIENS
ARE DUMB.
YOUR REAL MOTHER DOESN'T HAVE
A DOOR IN HER CHIN.
HOW ARE WE GONNA GET IN?
THE PLACE IS GUARDED
BY AN ARMY OF MALE MODELS.
- HERE'S THE PLAN.
[whispering]
[trumpet fanfare]
- HEY, FELLOW
INTERGALACTIC DAD TYPES.
I CAUGHT TIMMY!
- all: HI, TIMMY!
- LIVE LONG AND PROPANE.
- WORMHOLE LAUNCH
IN T-MINUS THREE MINUTES.
- OKAY.
I'M GONNA RESCUE MOM.
YOU STOP THEM
FROM LAUNCHING THE PLANET
INTO A WORMHOLE.
- BUT HOW?
- JUST TAKE YOUR WRENCH
AND GO FIX
THAT CONTROL PANEL.
- YEAH, I'M NOT SURE
I CAN DO THAT, TIMMY.
FOR THE LOVE OF PETE,
I FLOODED THE HOUSE
TRYING TO MAKE HOT DOGS!
- HELP!
GET ME OUT OF HERE!
- THAT'S YOUR MOTHER.
SHE SCREAMS THAT A LOT
IN HER SLEEP.
ALL RIGHT, TIMMY.
I'M GOING IN.
[struggling]
HELLO,
FELLOW ALIEN DAD TYPES.
MAY THE HORSE BE WITH YOU.
- [straining]
THIS IS AN OUTRAGE.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW TO TREAT A LADY,
AND YOUR TOILET
GETS TERRIBLE RECEPTION.
[static]
- I'M GONNA NEED
SOME BACKUP.
- all: HI, TIMMY!
- UH-OH.
- GOOD NEWS, SIR.
WE CAUGHT TIMMY
TRYING TO RESCUE HIS MOM.
- TIMMY!
YOU'VE COME TO SAVE ME.
- WELL, I TRIED.
NOW IT'S UP TO DAD
TO SAVE US BOTH.
- HE'S HERE?
YOU GOT HIM
OUT OF HIS TRASH CAN?
- NO.
YOU DID, MOM.
HE CAME TO RESCUE YOU.
- THAT'S SO SWEET.
BUT I'M SURPRISED
THE PLACE ISN'T FLOODED.
- IF MY PLAN WORKS,
IT WILL BE.
- EEH...UH-OH.
THE DOOHICKEY
NEXT TO THIS THINGAMABOB
IS ON THE FRITZ.
BUT DON'T WORRY!
I'LL FIX IT.
- NOT THE MONKEY WRENCH!
STOP HIM!
[fighting]
- WRENCH FIX!
[triumphant music]
♪ ♪
I DID IT!
I CLEVERLY DISGUISED MYSELF
AS ONE OF YOU
AND THWARTED YOUR PLAN
WITHOUT BEING DISCOVERED.
I STOPPED THE LAUNCH.
I'M NOT A LOSER ANYMORE.
- OH, I NEVER THOUGHT
YOU WERE A LOSER, HONEY.
- I'M GONNA GIVE YOU
A BIG KISS,
THEN TAKE YOU HOME
FOR SOME SOAKING WET HAMBURGERS.
- [gibberish]
- [both gasp]
- AT LEAST I DIDN'T HAVE
TO WATCH THEM KISS.
- NICE RESCUE, DUDE.
NOW, WHERE DID I PARK
THE SHIP?
[beep]
HEY!
FOUND IT.
- YOU DID IT, SPORT.
YOU SAVED YOUR MOM.
- GUYS, YOUR WANDS
ARE RECHARGED.
- YEAH, LIKE 20 MINUTES AGO.
DIDN'T YOU GET OUR TEXT?
- LET'S JUST GET OUT OF HERE.
[dads sobbing]
- THEY MISS HER, SPORT.
YOU KNOW THEY'LL COME BACK
FOR HER.
- NO, THEY WON'T.
'CAUSE I WISH
FOR A PLANET OF MOMS.
[dads sobbing]
YAY!
[dads celebrating]
- LADIES, WE'RE GOING TO NEED
A LOT OF FERNS.
- WELL, THERE'S NO WAY
THIS COULD POSSIBLY
COME BACK TO HAUNT YOU.
[burgers sizzling]
- PEOPLE OF DIMMSDALE,
WE'VE COME
FOR YOUR KITTENS!
- QUICK, DAD!
FLIP THE BURGERS!
- [screams]
OH, NEVER MIND.